this is a day in the life of a fang
software engineer work from home edition
so stanley is an early riser
he gets up every morning around 6:00
a.m. to do stocks so you can research a
little bit rise before the market and
get ahead of his game so the market
opens at 6:30 a.m. PST so it's about
6:15 right now and I'm planning to check
a few news websites to see how the
markets looking so tell me how you
started with stocks so I got into stocks
around four months ago I've always
wanted to put my income somewhere
instead of just in like a savings
account what's true and go with stocks
to make a million bucks really Wow
does it look like you're gonna make
money today I have probably not you know
lose money today yeah so what are you
usually eating the mornings I usually
eat pancakes or I eat some bread and
some eggs
[Music]
all right let's try all right cook this
now we're done you get delicious
breakfast
well debatable whether it was delicious
or not but we're gonna go to work all
right let's go let's go welcome to my
hub for today because I said I would
post a code review so for today I would
have to finish up writing all my tests
and then posting a code review so that
the rest of the team can reveal it all
right as Stallions doing some work in
the morning I'm gonna go check out the
surrounding neighborhood and see how
they're holding up in the current
situation put on my mask protect myself
people are definitely now taking the
situation more seriously there's more
people wearing masks than before I've
arrived at the mall near Stan Lee's
place and the first thing I noticed is
that a lot of these stores are actually
closed right now for example the
Scotiabank is closed and they say it's
to help the community same with a TD
Bank over there it's also closed I am
entering a movie theater which is a big
gathering place let's see if they're
still open all right so it looks like
the movie theater did close which makes
sense because that's like probably one
of the most contagious places it seems
like the grocery story is open still
which is good because people would need
food when they're in these hard times
but I think all the dried goods and the
packaged goods in the stores have all
been gone this is I love noodles which
are like a pretty easily consumable
package good that's gone more into
noodles or gone here so I think people
are definitely stalking of so they're
getting ready for the quarantine life
this is a hand soap area all the hand
soaps are gone
of course no toilet paper at least they
have the most important thing my
pineapple bun well time to get back to
work I just finished writing a few tests
and I'll probably make a code review
later today and yeah and let's get lunch
yeah let's go so what do you usually eat
for lunch a lot of frozen stuff that I
can easily microwave sometimes I'm lazy
so I make some sandwiches or I just
microwave some noodles in microwave
noodle yes things like these thank you
hmm even though you work at a fan
company your salary is obviously pretty
high you still cook every meal at holt
told me to buy a house in the future to
save us alright that's good
everything you're doing makes sense now
yeah all its aim towards your goal so
how long's your lunch break usually I
would say 20 to 30 minutes
so sometimes sure my break I play table
tennis understanding this you're the
best-of-five and the loser has to buy
the winner a drink at dinner all right
back to work yeah back to work so right
now I'm working on a project that has to
do with route planning and optimization
so you need to get everything done and
then get your teammate to check it today
basically yeah all right I'll let you
get back to work okay so what advice do
you have for a student who's trying to
gain to fame I would say it's sort of
difficult to get into thing without any
experience that also build on that
experience and unless you go to a really
good school it's hard to land a fan
company as your first job or first
internship so I think there are some
good online resources such as rooftop
slushie that can help you in the
application process usually the fang
recruiters you don't have too much
technical expertise so they filter out
applicants by the schools first so as
you said if they're from like a really
prestigious school they're more likely
to get in but how you can bypass that is
through the referrals rooftop slushie is
a great choice because you can literally
connect online with software engineers
and then you just pay like 20 to 30
bucks and then you can get a referral
it's kind of like a marketplace where
you submit a request for your questions
to be answered or for you to get a
referral and they have other features
such as resume review job interview tips
offer evaluations
lastly general career advice from
someone who's more senior this is
something that I think
is really gonna help you to get a job
click the link below to get 10% off your
order and bam you get a job interview
and you're making like six figures out
of graduation that's the best investment
you can make if you invested $30 into a
stock four months later it grew into
like a hundred K click the link below
and let's get back to work so it's to 26
right now and I have a meeting in four
minutes and this meetings about
um it's just a scrum so it's a daily
meeting to update what we're working on
and any thing that's blocking what we're
doing anything that the team wants to
talk about that's what the meetings
about Stan Lee right now is furiously
typing away trying to get his coat in at
the very last minute will he make it
there is only two minutes left before
his meeting well he published his Co
review on time Stan Lee is getting a
little stressed
as we can see scrum is in one minute are
you done yeah I just published yeah Wow
congratulations man you made it now it's
time for his meeting so right now I am
working on the compression script
algorithm yeah I'm just
so how do you decide that you're done
work for the day cuz it's not really
like a set schedule when you're working
from home I try to follow a set schedule
like I do at work if they keep yourself
like sane right let's keep grinding so
how do you feel about working from home
I feel like my productivity has
decreased here I would get more
distracted because there are a lot of
outside noises I don't know and there's
like a lack of people here as well all
my manager has tried to set up daily
meetings and I feel like that has really
helped in terms of my mood and
positivity so right now it's around 5:30
Sally usually goes to the gym for a
quick workout before dinner but since
the current situation is the gyms are
closed so we got to make do with what we
have so right now we're gonna walk to
the nearby park to do some
improvisational workouts on the
playground
[Music]
time for dinner almost your girlfriends
joining us right for dinner yeah yeah I
can't wait to meet you a girlfriend
hello what do you like most about
Stanley
it's not a personal attribute Bayesian
job title what do you like most about
your girlfriend she also works because
of the current situation isn't you know
ordered takeout so we're gonna stay safe
today eating some pop game for dinner
[Music]
because we can't go to the restaurants
social distancing we're trying to do our
part we are ordered delivery and then
brought it out to the park make sure no
one is around us and we're having a
little picnic this is why I got I got
the Cali bull so it's some salmon and
shrimp and crab pretty healthy the
reason why we came out to the pike
honestly it's only because a Lakes over
here I wanted to play basketball yeah
it's part of the daily life of every
fanged employee there's 7 p.m. it likes
it basketball usually at night like
usually like either hand with your
girlfriend watch anime or hang out with
other friends right yeah since we can't
go to restaurants we can't go for movies
we can probably just do something
outside where there's not many people
around and stay safe you should too all
right right now we're gonna play a game
of just dance here we go
kill this love if you are applying to
Fang or any software engineering
position be sure to use rooftop slushie
by clicking the link below and you can
get a referral for like 20 30 bucks
invest in yourself hit that like button
and the subscribe button and make sure
you turn notifications on because you
don't want to miss any future
day-in-the-life videos my name is half
ago i'll see you next time this is
Stanley and he will see you next time -
bye guys